https://www.pmtonline.co.uk/martin-lx1-x-series-acoustic-guitar# Guitar
https://manufacturing.dustystrings.com/harps/browse-models/serrana-34 Harp
https://www.stringworks.com/products/maestro-violin Violin
https://www.sharmusic.com/Instruments/Cello/Beginning-Cellos/Franz-Hoffmann-174-Concert-Cello---Instrument-Only.axd Cello
http://antonioviolin.com/product/heberlein-viola/ Viola


https://www.long-mcquade.com/26394/Band_Orchestral/Flutes/Gemeinhardt/Closed_Hole_Flute_-_Black_Nickel_Finish.htm Flute
https://www.cookespianos.co.uk/yamaha-resin-body-clarinet Clarinet
http://www.californiakeyboards.com/product/oboe-rental/ Oboe
https://www.interstatemusic.com/992302-Yamaha-YFG-811C-Custom-Compact-Bassoon-w-Case-YFG811C.aspx Bassoon
https://thompsonmusic.com/product/van-laar-oiram-ii-bb-trumpet-2/ Trumpet


https://www.virtuosityboston.com/yanagisawa-professional-tenor-saxophone.html Saxophone
https://www.interstatemusic.com/55809-Yamaha-YBB-105-Standard-Series-BBb-Tuba-3-4-Size-with-Case-YBB105WC.aspx Tuba
https://www.samash.com/jean-baptiste-483le-deluxe-engraved-student-trumpet-assorted-finishes-jbtp483xxx Trumpet
https://www.interstatemusic.com/210546-Jupiter-752L-Single-French-Horn-Lacquer-Brass-Finish-752L.aspx French horn
https://www.samash.com/bac-custom-elliot-mason-signature-series-trombone-baccstemx-p Trombone


https://www.amazon.com/RockJam-Portable-Electronic-Keyboard-Interactive/dp/B018AVHOJ0 electronic keyboard
https://pianopiano.com/shop/yamaha-baby-grand-piano-event-rental/ Piano
https://www.peterbarnesharpsichords.com/ Harpsichord
https://vintageking.com/moog-matriarch-paraphonic-analog-synthesizer Synthesizer
http://regentclassicorgans.com/installations/skinner-style-organ/ Organ


https://www.interstatemusic.com/959200-Adams-Philharmonic-Light-Cloyd-Duff-Dresden-Series-Timpani-20--PLCD20.aspx Timpani
https://cosmomusic.ca/xylophone-concert-yamaha-yx13.html Xylophone
https://stockx.com/supreme-pearl-session-studio-select-drum-set-red Drums
http://www.lonestarpercussion.com/Concert/Tambourines-with-Heads/Ludwig-LE4004-10-Double-Row-Tambourine.html Tambourine
http://www.lonestarpercussion.com/Cymbals-Gongs/Cymbals-Hand-Cymbals/Sabian-20-Inches-HH-Viennese-Pair-12020.html Cymbal